docs/generated/cmd/tarmak/tarmak_clusters_destroy.rst, before:

.. _tarmak_clusters_destroy:

tarmak clusters destroy
-----------------------

Destroy the current cluster

Synopsis
~~~~~~~~


Destroy the current cluster

::

  tarmak clusters destroy [flags]

Options
~~~~~~~

::

      --dry-run   don't actually change anything, just show changes that would occur
  -h, --help      help for destroy

Options inherited from parent commands
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

  -c, --config-directory string        config directory for tarmak's configuration (default "~/.tarmak")
      --current-cluster string         override the current cluster set in the config
      --keep-containers                do not clean-up terraform/packer containers after running them
      --log-flush-frequency duration   Maximum number of seconds between log flushes (default 5s)
  -v, --verbose                        enable verbose logging
      --wing-dev-mode                  use a bundled wing version rather than a tagged release from GitHub

SEE ALSO
~~~~~~~~

* `tarmak clusters <tarmak_clusters.html>`_ 	 - Operations on clusters

Commit message:

Updates cmd docs and adds kubeconfig instructions
Signed-off-by: JoshVanL <vleeuwenjoshua@gmail.com>

docs/generated/cmd/tarmak/tarmak_clusters_destroy.rst, after:

.. _tarmak_clusters_destroy:

tarmak clusters destroy
-----------------------

Destroy the current cluster

Synopsis
~~~~~~~~


Destroy the current cluster

::

  tarmak clusters destroy [flags]

Options
~~~~~~~

::

      --dry-run   don't actually change anything, just show changes that would occur
  -h, --help      help for destroy

Options inherited from parent commands
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

  -c, --config-directory string        config directory for tarmak's configuration (default "~/.tarmak")
      --current-cluster string         override the current cluster set in the config
      --keep-containers                do not clean-up terraform/packer containers after running them
      --log-flush-frequency duration   Maximum number of seconds between log flushes (default 5s)
      --public-api-endpoint            Override kubeconfig to point to cluster's public API endpoint
  -v, --verbose                        enable verbose logging
      --wing-dev-mode                  use a bundled wing version rather than a tagged release from GitHub

SEE ALSO
~~~~~~~~

* `tarmak clusters <tarmak_clusters.html>`_ 	 - Operations on clusters
